i love star wars ! it ' s one of my favorite movies of all time . do you like star wars ?
i don ' t know how to reduce water use , but i do know that water is a source of energy .
i ' m a big fan of action and drama movies . do you have a favorite genre of movies ?
how do you do that ? i ' m not very good at math , but i know how to do it .
i ' m not sure what you mean by that . are you referring to the cat ' s meowing ?
i don ' t know how to do that . i ' m not very good at grammer .
i ' m not sure what you mean by that . it ' s when the economy is less frictional .
i ' m not sure what you mean by visual elements , but i think it ' s important to focus on the visual elements .
i ' m not sure what you ' re asking me , but i ' ll tell you something .
i ' m not sure what you ' re talking about . it ' s a network that uses a computer ' s memory .
i don ' t think i ' ll be able to do that . i ' m scared of heights .
i don ' t know about you , but i ' ve never been able to afford to go to school .
i ' m not sure , but i know it ' s been a long time since i ' ve had an ecliptic .
that ' s a good idea . i ' m not sure i have the patience for that yet .
i ' m not sure what you mean by that . what is the word you ' re referring to ?
i don ' t know . . . i ' m not sure what to say . i guess i ' ll just have to let it go .
1 . don ' t shop online . 2 . save money . 3 . ? ? ? 4 . profit !
wow , that ' s a lot of numbers . do you know how many people have that number ?
1 . reduce the number of pollutants in the world . 2 . reduce greenhouse gas emissions . 3 . ? ? ? 4 . profit .
a nuclear plant is a power plant that is used to power the world ' s largest solar system .
i ' m not sure what you mean by that . are you referring to the fact that he had a hat ?
i was born in the 90 ' s so i don ' t remember a lot of 90s music .
wow , that ' s a lot of words . i ' m sure you ' re a great writer .
i ' m not sure i understand what you ' re saying . what do you mean by that ?
wow , that ' s a lot of apples . did you buy them fresh or fresh from the store ?
i don ' t know how to explain it to you . i ' m not sure what you mean .
it ' s when you do something that you don ' t want to do , but you still want to .
i ' m not sure what you mean by that . are you talking about the difference between the two ?
i ' ve never been to north america , but i know that there are a lot of animals there .
that ' s pretty cool . i ' ve never been to a store before . what did you buy ?
i ' m not sure what you ' re talking about . do you mean the musical instrument of the same name ?
that ' s a good idea , i ' ll try to do that . what do you do for fun ?
i ' m not sure of the exact number , but i know it ' s somewhere between 3 and 6 .
i have a 7 year old son and he loves to watch horror movies . what movie would you recommend ?
i know a lot about software engineering , but i don ' t know much about it . what do you know about it ?
i ' m not sure , but i do know that it was based on a novel by stephen king .
i ' m not sure , but i do know that there are a lot of different kinds of animals .
i can ' t name 5 things , but i can tell you how to improve the air quality .
i don ' t know much about microwave ' s , but i do know that they ' ve been around for a long time .
i use instagram , facebook , and instagram . i also use facebook , instagram and facebook .
i ' m not sure , but i do know that seattle is the most populous city in the united states .
that sounds like a lot of work . what are you going to do with the rest of the four days ?
i would love to do that , but i don ' t have a lot of time for it .
wow , that ' s a lot of money . do you have any idea how much that would cost ?
i ' m not sure of the exact numbers , but i know that the us has the highest population of any country in the world .
that ' s a great idea ! i ' ll have to try that . do you have a favorite topper ?
have you ever seen one in person ? i ' ve never seen it in person , but i ' d like to .
i love summer . it ' s the best time of year to go out and enjoy the outdoors .
i don ' t know about you , but i ' ve never heard of any of the five types .
it ' s just a way to keep my identity secure . i ' m not sure why it matters .
i think it ' s important to have a variety of colors in your design . i ' m not sure what you mean by that .
i ' m not sure , but i do know that the united states is the most populous country in the world .
wow , that ' s a lot of money . how did you manage to save that much money ?
i don ' t know about you , but i ' m not a fan of fruits that aren ' t citrus .
i ' m not sure what you mean . are you talking about the product 5 or the product 3 ?
i ' m not sure what you mean by that , but it ' s because of greenhouse gas emissions .
i don ' t know . i ' m not sure . maybe it ' s an optical effect ?
i ' m not sure what you mean . are you referring to the health care system in the united states ?
2 . 8 . 0 . 4 . 4 is the highest number of people who have ever been to a concert .
i ' m not sure of the exact date , but i know it started in the 19th century .
i ' m not sure what you ' re trying to say . what do you mean by that ?
that ' s a great idea . i think i ' ll do that . do you have any pets ?
i do a lot of yoga . it helps a lot . it ' s a great way to relax .
what do you mean by that ? i ' m not sure what you ' re talking about . . .
that ' s a good one . i think it ' s important to be confident in your abilities .
i don ' t have a lot of upper body strength , but i ' m working on it .
i don ' t know how to do that . i ' m not sure what i want to do .
mexican food is one of the most popular foods in the world . i would love to visit there one day .
i ' m not sure , but i do know that he was the first to be nominated for a seat in the supreme court .
i ' m not sure i understand what you mean . what do you mean by " artificial intelligence " ?
i ' m not sure what you mean by that . i can tell you that i remember a lot of things when i was younger .
do you like apple juice ? it ' s one of the most popular flavors in the world .
i ' m not sure i understand what you mean . what do you mean by summarise ?
i ' m not sure , but i do know that it ' s a lot faster and more user - friendly .
that ' s a good idea . i ' m not sure how to do that . what do you think ?
i don ' t know what that means , but i do know that it ' s a great song .
spain is the largest country in the world by area . i would love to visit there one day .
i don ' t think i ' ve ever used a neural network before . what ' s it like ?
i ' m not sure . it ' s been a long time since i ' ve been in a relationship .
i ' m not sure what you ' re asking , but i can tell you that i love technology !
i ' m not sure how to do that , but i do know that recycling is a great way to reduce waste .
that ' s a great idea . i ' d love to do something like that . do you have a favorite subject ?
what do you mean by that ? i ' m not sure what you ' re trying to say .
that ' s a good idea , i ' ll try to do that . what do you like to make ?
i ' m not sure what you mean by that . are you referring to the size of the banana ?
i love bbq ! it ' s one of the most popular foods in the world . do you like it ?
i ' m not sure i understand what you ' re saying . what do you mean by that ?
i ' ve never heard of him . what does he have to do with the company he founded ?
wow , that ' s a lot of money . what kind of laptops do you have now ?
i ' m not sure what you ' re asking . what do you want to know about the phrase ?
what kind of marketing plan are you talking about ? i ' m not sure what you ' re talking about .
bee is a great word . it ' s a latin word that means " little bee " in spanish .
i ' m not sure what you ' re asking . what do you want to know about examples ?
i ' m not sure what you ' re talking about , but i ' ll tell you the third one .
what is the meaning of the word " dog " ? i ' ve never heard of it before .
i can ' t think of any off the top of my head , but i ' m sure there are .
i ' m not sure of the name , but i know it ' s a bird that flies .
i ' m not sure what you mean by that . it ' s a network of networks that connect to other networks .
that ' s a great idea ! i ' ll have to look into that . do you have any suggestions ?
that ' s a great idea ! i ' ll have to look into that . do you have a favorite city ?
